# **Hello!**
I'm Joseph Lardie, this is my project portfolio. I am a data analyst that loves to find insight from data and really figure out the story the data is trying to tell.
-  In March of 2023, I completed the Data Science Certificate at Coding Dojo in addition to working full-time. I discovered the priceless skills of how to time-manage like a professional data analyst, how to manage a project, and how to properly use google as a research, informational, and educational tool. From start to finish, I learned how to design, organize and execute real-world data science projects using Python and SQL with the intent of finding extremely valuable, realatable insight. I learned not only the technical skills of being a data scientist, but also what it takes from a bussiness perspective to know what questions to ask at the beginning of a project, the ethics of data, critical-thinking and problem solving skills, and privacy awareness.
-  In August of 2023, I completed the Google Data Anayltics Certificate which taught me how to use R for solving data science problems. The course also dived deeper in how to use advanced SQL queries to make working on extremely large data sets really easy and effecient. I also learned an incredible amount about Tableau which is an extremely powerful data visualization program that makes visualizing data very efficeint. I also learned about the specific steps in managaing a data analysis project from start to finish.
-  In September of 2023, I completed the Google Advanced Data Anayltics Certificate which explored the roles of data professionals within an organization. In this course I created data visualizations and applied statistical methods to investigate data. I also built regression and machine learning models to analyze and interpret data, as well as learned how communicate valuable insights from data analysis to stakeholders. This course really showed me what it's like to be a data professional working within a team and how to fill the role of everyone on that team.
-  I've published multiple projects since finishing my data science certification at coding dojo and completing these two Coursera certifications and would love to breakdown any part of them in further detail, or answer any questions via Linked-In mesage.
- I'm looking to work with data professionals using meaningful, real-world data that can make a difference in the world around me. Weather you're a potential future employer, or someone just browsing peolpe's portfolios on LinkedIn, I'm more than happy to connect with people who are driven to use data science and data analytics to change the world. Please don't hesitate to ask me about the details any of my projects, how I used python, machine learning, and data analytics to find useful insights in the datasets involved. I'd be happy to explain any part of these projects in further detail.

- Feel Free to check out some of my Tableau skills:  https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/joseph.lardie

- 📫 How to reach me: https://www.linkedin.com/in/joe-lardie-47960b259/  Feel free to direct message me on Linked In link provided.
